hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here
and today we're going to be talking
about a superhero film
called chronicle be ready for some
spoilers ahead
we're introduced to our main character
andrew who has a tough life dealing with
an abusive father and a dying mother
is it me or do all superheroes have to
have broken families
anyways he gets this camera and begins
recording everything
probably his way of separating himself
from his horrible life
he has this cousin called matt who looks
like he's from dumb and dumber
they hang out and everything but you can
tell he's embarrassed about andrew and
his anti-social tendencies
they go to a normal high school where
michael b jordan is running for
president
of course andrew gets bullied like in
any classic superhero movie
and nearly gets his camera broken he
tries to chill lags on the football
field
but the cheerleaders find him creepy
with his camera
so he's forced to leave it seems like
our main character just cannot catch a
break
we also get a glimpse of his
neighborhood full of shady gangsters
who also picks on him whenever they get
the chance
andrew doesn't even get a break at home
as his father beats him with no warnings
for something that can only be said to
be extremely trivial
he gets invited to this party by matt
out of goodwill
but even here he fails to fit in and
gets picked on and beat up once again
for recording someone's girlfriend
andrew runs outside and cries while his
heart is as broken
as his camera is surprisingly michael b
jordan or steve comes out to comfort him
apparently he's a very good friend of
matt's
steve tries to cheer up andrew and
brings him to this weird hole on the
ground that matt found near the party
they jump in like a bunch of lunatics
and finds this glowing rock that seems
to be alien in nature
steve goes face to face with the object
and it turns red
they all begin having nose bleeds and
starts hearing this high pitched noise
then the camera blacks out the next
thing we see
the three friends are testing out their
newfound powers by throwing a baseball
at each other
with some attempts they're able to stop
the balm at air
with their minds alone they head back to
where the alien object was before
but found the hole in the ground has
been sealed up although they can clearly
still feel its presence
the three continues to experiment with
their powers
but andrew clearly shows an inherent
gift for his ability
as he's able to manipulate objects with
finesse
unlike steve and matt he's able to
assemble lego toys in great position
and create a drying in his food while
his friends were only able to complete
more blunt movements
such as moving a car or scaring little
children by making teddy bears float
however andrew's personal life continues
to deteriorate
alongside with his mother's health and
his father's frustration
in his inability to help andrew is
deeply affected by this
as he's very close to his mother and she
seems to be the only light in his world
which would otherwise be filled with
darkness
although andrew thought about using his
powers to help others
similar to matt and steve his inner rage
is apparent
when he pushed a car off the road simply
because its driver was honking at them
the car fell and flipped into a lake
where the driver could not get out
steve reacts quickly and manages to save
the man
from drowning this action angered matt
greatly
and he demands that there must be rules
about using their powers
andrew agrees on the surface but likely
feels that justice was served
in his world where everyone seems to
step on him like a piece of garbage
how can he feel any sympathy when he did
nothing
except the same thing eventually
matt and andrew receives a phone call
from steve
and they arrive at the scene they didn't
see where their friend was
until they looked up in the sky steve
was levitating in midair the two quickly
tries to imitate their friend
and andrew almost immediately gets a
hang of flying
while his cousin struggles and stumbles
hilariously
they take to the sky and source through
the clouds just like a dream
one can only imagine the fun that
they're having
but soon they begin hearing a loud noise
that only grows louder by the second
and before they know it a plane nearly
collides with steve
which causes him to free fall andrew
rushes towards his friend
and manages to catch him and save the
camera at the same time
it seems that andrew is capable of
heroic deeds
but only to those who he deems worthy
their friendship grows closer and they
unanimously agree
to take a trip to tibet as it's rare to
find a place so peaceful
matt goes to his ex-girlfriend casey and
tries to reconcile with her
while andrew and steve hangs out on the
city rooftop
through many words of encouragement
steve convinces andrew to join a talent
show
where he can use his abilities to become
popular
the talent show was a success as andrew
used his powers to seemingly achieve
magic-like abilities his popularity grew
and he is praised by everyone at the
show
for once in his life andrew is no longer
the lonely outcast
and instead becomes the center of the
party
matt also successfully reunites with
casey
and the two leaves the party for a
little alone time
andrew meets this red-haired girl and
they eventually hook up in the upstairs
bedroom
steve is so proud of his friend for
becoming a man
and tries to listen in on their progress
however the girl runs out with vomit on
her clothing
and andrew is furiously embarrassed he
blames steve for laughing at him
and curses his friend to get out
things back home becomes worse for
andrew as his mother
struggles to breathe while he tears the
spider into fragments
i can only imagine what is going on
inside his head
his father takes his frustration of the
situation
out on andrew but this time he fights
back
and throws the old man on the ground
andrew flies into the night sky
where thunderstorms are quickly
approaching
steve feels andrew's presence and tries
to calm his friend down
but only serves to fuel andrews fire
even more
in a moment of passion andrew directs
the lightning as thief
killing him in the process at steve's
funeral
matt demands to know what really
happened between them
but andrew only responds by flying away
he goes to his high school only to find
his popularity has faded due to his
embarrassment with the girl
the bullies now make fun of him from
vomiting
andrew quickly exacts vengeance this
time and pulls out the teeth of his
classmate
he convinces himself that his powers
make him an apex predator
and he should not feel guilty about
crushing other humans
just like he would not feel sympathy for
crushing a fly
he puts on his father's firefighter suit
and literally beats the street thugs one
by one for their money
as if he was in grand theft auto he then
targets a gas station
and steals all the cash from the cash
register but the owner chases after
andrew with a shotgun
and the bullets caused an explosion
which kills the owner
and wounds andrew with severe burns
he's taken to the hospital where his
father cries in front of his unconscious
body
his father reveals that andrew's mother
has already died
while andrew was away and blames his son
for not being there andrew opens his
eyes suddenly
and in a fit of rage blows a large hole
in the hospital building
matt senses andrew using his power and
goes to the hospital with his girlfriend
they arrive to see andrew drop his
father from the high rise
and matt catches him just in time matt
tries to drive away
but andrew lifts the car onto a rooftop
and matt is forced to jump out
he tries to convince andrew to stop as
it's not too late
yet they can both just fly out of here
but andrew refuses and claims that he is
the apex predator
the two fights and crashes into multiple
buildings and causing tremendous damage
to the city
they fall onto a street where the police
quickly surrounds them
and opens fire andrew creates a force
field
and stops all the bullets in midair he
then
unleashes a shock which sends the police
flying
along with their cars andrew screams in
rage
destroying everything in range and
putting innocent bystanders in danger
matt tries to stop his friend with no
results
and is forced to throw a spear through
his heart
some time has passed and matt travels to
the pet
just like they planned before he places
the camera on the mountain
and promises to use his powers to help
people
he then flies away as the camera looks
onto the temples
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you guys like my video please
press like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you